THE DEADBEAT
© 2016 by Daniel V. Gribbin

They say that friendship is the cornerstone of life, and I agree.
You're gonna wish you had a dozen fine compadres just like me.
It's the Golden Rule that paves our way to immortality.
Give unto me, we'll both be thriving; heck, it's tantamount to tithing.
It's the luckiest of lenders, Shakespeare pegged it perfectly,
Who can find the kind of borrower I guarantee to be.
 
Couple-three days, I'll have that twenty that I owe you.
Couple-three days, and I'll be dropping by, you'll see.
Couple-three days, but, in the meantime, could you see your way so clear
As to slip me maybe fifty for the weekend, I'll be thrifty.
Cross my heart I'll have it back to you, a privilege to pay.
You'll find me smiling at your doorstep, in a couple-three days.
 
Of course, I understand, Amigo, you might question, as we meet,
How I come to drive this fancy foreign car down Easy Street.
Well, a man with my connections has to be a bit discreet,
But there's a business deal that's pending, so I hope you won't mind lending
A little petty cash to prime the pump, my gosh you're awfully sweet.
Couple-three hundred more should keep me on my feet
 
Couple-three days, I'll have that thousand that I owe you.
Couple-three days, and I'll be dropping by, you'll see.
Couple-three days, but, in the meantime, could you see your way so clear
As to up your contribution, to reward my elocution.
Cross my heart I'll have it back to you, a privilege to pay.
You'll find me smiling at your doorstep, in a couple-three days.
 
I think it's criminal to send a man to prison,
For a debt that slipped his mind he meant to pay.
It's them predatory banks I blame for robbing honest men.
I so appreciate your blind naiveté.
 
Couple-three days, I'll have those four G's that I owe you.
Couple-three days, and I'll be dropping by, you'll see.
You're gonna wish you had a dozen fine paisanos just like me.
Now, could we settle up with Tony, 'fore he breaks my every boney.
Seems I incurred a few expenses since I saw you yesterday.
I'll need a check for twenty thousand . . .
In a couple-three days. 